c:\users\angel.albanez\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\MvcMovie.dll
c:\users\angel.albanez\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\MvcMovie.pdb
c:\users\angel.albanez\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\angel.albanez\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\angel.albanez\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\angel.albanez\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\angel.albanez\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
c:\users\angel.albanez\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\angel.albanez\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\angel.albanez\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\angel.albanez\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\angel.albanez\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\angel.albanez\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\angel.albanez\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\angel.albanez\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\angel.albanez\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\angel.albanez\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\angel.albanez\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\angel.albanez\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\obj\Debug\MvcMovie.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\angel.albanez\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\obj\Debug\MvcMovie.dll
c:\users\angel.albanez\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\obj\Debug\MvcMovie.pdb
C:\Dev\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\MvcMovie.dll
C:\Dev\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\MvcMovie.pdb
C:\Dev\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Dev\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Dev\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Dev\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Dev\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
C:\Dev\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Dev\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Dev\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Dev\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Dev\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Dev\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Dev\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Dev\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Dev\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Dev\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Dev\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Dev\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\obj\Debug\MvcMovie.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Dev\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\obj\Debug\MvcMovie.dll
C:\Dev\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\obj\Debug\MvcMovie.pdb
